# UNiDAYS-Discount-Program

To run the code provided, download all the files as a zip and just run the DiscountChallenge.exe provided. The code is spread across two .cpp files and one .h header file.

When I first read the challenge I immediately knew that I wanted to use C++ as my programming language. This is because for one of my modules at University I am learning this language, therefore I thought it would make good practice to use it and would be an excellent way to show good object-oriented programming. I decided to use Microsoft Visual Studio 2017 to create my code as it is a software I am familiar with. The first thing I did was create a header file (Header.h), a source file (Source.cpp) and a file to store my functions (DiscountChallenge.cpp). In the header file I created the UnidaysDiscountChallenge class that was specified in the brief and prototyped the two required functions. From there I created various variables such as a basket vector and a discount double, I then started work on defining the functions that i'd created. I decided that AddToBasket would simply store the inputted double in the basket vector and tally up the number of each items added to the basket, and CalculateTotalPrice would calculate the Order Price using the basket total including all discounts and the delivery charge. From there I worked on the source file which would contain the main function, I created a UI for the application and a method of selecting which item is added to the basket. During this I made various tweaks to my previous code until I had created a simple basket system that I was happy with.
